Pages with little text

Crawling from:
Total number of pages/problems:
Exported number of
pages/problems:

10/21/25
1

50

Optimization Tips
The pages in this list contain less than 500 words.

Why pages with little text can be problematic:

Report created on:
Since last crawling:

21.10.2025

10/21/25

- / -

A text that is too short is problematic if the subject or the keyword of the page requires detailed and extensive information. If your
competitors are offering better and more comprehensive content on the same topic, you're going to struggle to rank with short
content.

However, it is not necessarily a problem to have pages with little text. If the pages are e.g. image galleries, landing pages, etc., it is
perfectly fine to use very little text.

In addition, there are times when search engine users are in need of a quick and concise answer to a particular search query, and
a long and lengthy text page is not the answer. In this case, long and detailed text may deter visitors.

How you should treat these pages:

Before you make any changes to the content of a page, you should first check whether the topic or target keyword of the page
requires extensive content or not. You can do this by analyzing the current top 10 search results. With the free TF*IDF tool
provided by Seobility, you can easily check the number of words on these pages.

If you find that the content of your page is in fact too short, you can try to expand it. Think about what kind of information your
target audience needs in order to fulfil their search intent. However, you'll want to avoid writing long texts that are just designed to
boost SEO. Most importantly, your content should add value to your visitors.

You can find more information on how to create high quality and useful content here:

SEO Copywriting: The 19 Best Tips To Increase Traffic and Conversions - Seobility Blog
Search Intent: How to optimize your content for searchers’ needs - Seobility Blog

# URL

1. https://santoscsolutions.com/

Number of words

200

Seite 1 von 1

 
